I think Americans are more than ready
for small cars the reality of it is the
small car segment is exploding and it's
a perfect opportunity for us to bring
back fiat 500 to america so cinquecento
came as a idea to to evaluate the
mistake holographic car in the history
of Fiat and probably the most famous car
as a small package in the world so is
the card that's sold and fixed problems
the car that fits perfectly in your life
most people the minute you say Italian
by design think of beautiful workmanship
and craftsmanship and again those are
things that are usually fine found in
very high end products whether it's
shoes or handbags even in the automobile
industry the Italian design cars are
quite expensive and we're able to bring
that design and that beauty in those
elements at a much more affordable price
to the American consumer is the cut of
the maximum use of the space and also
it's coupe shape doesn't compromise the
the livable space inside even for the
rear occupants at this car is lik simple
easy to use a pure no no sense design
and it's very similar to the to the
masterpiece of Jonathan Ive the ipod
on the interior we made some adaptations
also for the American consumer on the
glove box they didn't have a glove box
in Europe we know that in America we
like to keep things in the car so we
made sure that we had a glove box the
seats had been made a little bit more
comfortable because they're driving
distances in the US are a little bit
longer we've added an armrest and that's
important because the one thing that
we've also added that they don't have in
Europe is the 6-speed automatic
transmission the personalization story
on the cinquecento is awesome we have 14
exterior colors 11 interior colors and a
bunch of different graphics packages so
that you can truly make this a unique
vehicle actually there's over 500
thousand ways that you can build this
vehicle so there may never be too alike
on the street I we started at the
beginning studying the cinquecento as a
very international concept and even in
New York we made the first result is all
day new habits new study on the trend so
the cheetah gentle it contains some of
the the American feelings on the new on
the new and the things to come and this
was evaluated and started you know in a
time where we presented the car as a
concept in Geneva 2004 so this is a good
destiny of the car to be again here it's
not about a good deal it's about having
something that is a timeless beauty that
has become a valuable piece of your life